Update sql-server-linux-performance-best-practices.md (#9761)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/linux/sql-server-linux-performance-best-practices.md

#### Open file limitation

> Your production environment might require more connections than the default open file limit of 1024. You could set soft and hard limits of 1048576. For example, in [RHEL](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/61334), edit the `/etc/security/limits.d/99-mssql-server.conf` file to have the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your production environment might require more connections than the default open file limit of 1,024. You can set soft and hard limits of 1,048,576. For example, in [RHEL](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/61334), edit the `/etc/security/limits.d/99-mssql-server.conf` file to have the following values:
```

```ini
mssql - nofile 1048576
```

> > [!NOTE]
> > This setting do not apply to SQL Server service started by systemd. See explanation for [RHEL](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/1257953).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> This setting doesn't apply to SQL Server services started by `systemd`. For more information, see [How to set limits for services in RHEL and systemd](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/1257953).

```
